docs: use relative links if possible (#29823)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/release-notes-csharp.md

### 🖱️ Mouse Wheel

By using [`method: Mouse.wheel`] you are now able to scroll vertically or horizontally.

### 📜 New Headers API

Previously it was not possible to get multiple header values of a response. This is now possible and additional helper functions are available:

- [`method: Request.allHeaders`]
- [`method: Request.headersArray`]
- [`method: Request.headerValue`]
- [`method: Response.allHeaders`]
- [`method: Response.headersArray`]
- [`method: Response.headerValue`]
- [`method: Response.headerValues`]

### 🌈 Forced-Colors emulation

Its now possible to emulate the `forced-colors` CSS media feature by passing it in the [`method: Browser.newContext`] or calling [`method: Page.emulateMedia`].

### New APIs

- [`method: Page.route`] accepts new `times` option to specify how many times this route should be matched.

> - [Page.SetCheckedAsync(selector: string, checked: Boolean)](./api/class-page#page-set-checked) and [Locator.SetCheckedAsync(selector: string, checked: Boolean)](./api/class-locator#locator-set-checked) was introduced to set the checked state of a checkbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`method: Page.setChecked`] and [`method: Locator.setChecked`] were introduced to set the checked state of a checkbox.
```

> - [Request.SizesAsync()](./api/class-request#request-sizes) Returns resource size information for given http request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`method: Request.sizes`] Returns resource size information for given http request.
```

> - [Tracing.StartChunkAsync()](./api/class-tracing#tracing-start-chunk) - Start a new trace chunk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`method: Tracing.startChunk`] - Start a new trace chunk.
```

> - [Tracing.StopChunkAsync()](./api/class-tracing#tracing-stop-chunk) - Stops a new trace chunk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`method: Tracing.stopChunk`] - Stops a new trace chunk.
```
